Fix possible deadlock when activity resumed during SDK background init (#1349)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Fix]** Avoid opening browser to check for sign-in information after receiving an SSL error while checking for app updates (which often happens when using a public WIFI).
* **[Fix]** When in-app update permissions become invalid and need to open browser again, updates are no longer postponed after sign-in (if user previously selected the action to postpone for a day).

> * **[Fix]** Fix a possible deadlock when activity resumes during background operation for `Distribute.isEnabled()` call.

Reviewer: Isn't setEnabled or notifyUserConfirmation also impacted? Should be more generic in that case.

Author: `notifyUserConfirmation` calls `isInstanceEnabledAsync` internally, so it's the same.

Author: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix a possible deadlock when activity resumes during background operation for some `Distribute` public APIs like `Distribute.isEnabled()`.
```
